OCPBUGS-99480: Harden Gateway API docs against route hijacking (#117235)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-automatic-address-assignment-gateway.adoc

* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the {oc-first}.

> * You have an existing `GatewayClass` custom resource, such as `openshift-default`.

Reviewer: hum, I think the "custom" word here may be unnecessary, let me explain why: in Kubernetes, a resource means "an instance of a specific type".

So this is similar to say "a `Route` resource, or a `FeatureGate` resource" and so one (there are pedantic differences here which I don't think will add anything to my review)

Anyway, IMO we can remove the "custom" word

Author: @rikatz, interesting; I'd always considered any resource that is implemented via the CRD mechanism to be a CR, and thus _custom resource_, and this usage is what we've historically had throughout the OCP documentation. So that's why I changed it, even though I could have left it alone; I couldn't help it.

.Procedure

> . Create a YAML file, such as `hello-gateway.yaml`, that defines your `Gateway` object. The `spec.addresses` field is omitted from this configuration to ensure automatic assignment.

Reviewer: actually, we don't explicitly support address assignment on Gateway API (we don't run conformance tests for it nowadays) so this later claim of "ensure automatic assignment" is not quite true right now. It can (and will) change in a close future, but today it is what it is

  gatewayClassName: openshift-default
  listeners:
  - name: http
    hostname: "*.gwapi.<cluster_domain>"
    port: 80
    protocol: HTTP
    allowedRoutes:
      namespaces:
        from: Selector
        selector:
          matchLabels:
            shared-gateway-access: "true"
----
+
* `metadata.name`: Specify the name of your `Gateway` object. The name must consist of a maximum of 63 lowercase alphanumeric characters or hyphens (`-`). The name must also start and end with an alphanumeric character.

> * `spec.gatewayClassName`: Specify the gateway class whose controller provisions the address and populates the `status.addresses` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `spec.gatewayClassName`: Specify the GatewayClass whose controller provisions the address and populates the `status.addresses` field.
```

  gatewayClassName: openshift-default
  listeners:
  - name: http
    hostname: "*.gwapi.<cluster_domain>"
    port: 80
    protocol: HTTP
    allowedRoutes:
      namespaces:
        from: Selector
        selector:
          matchLabels:
            shared-gateway-access: "true"
----
+
* `metadata.name`: Specify the name of your `Gateway` object. The name must consist of a maximum of 63 lowercase alphanumeric characters or hyphens (`-`). The name must also start and end with an alphanumeric character.
* `spec.listeners.hostname`: Replace `<cluster_domain>` with your actual cluster ingress domain (for example, `example.com`).
* `listeners.hostname`: Specifies which hostnames can attach to this listener. Set a hostname so that only routes under that domain can receive traffic.
* `allowedRoutes.namespaces.from`: Allows route attachment only from namespaces that have the `shared-gateway-access: "true"` label.

> * `spec.gatewayClassName`: The controller that provisions the address and populates the `status.addresses` field.

Reviewer: I think the comment here is out of alignment with others. On the others above, you use a verb like "Specifies, Allows" but here you just say "the controller that provisions...". Maybe we should align the format here (and on the spec.listeners.hostname as well).

Reviewer: maybe a "what and how" phrasing would be better? like you did on metadata.name and listeners.hostname which btw I just figured out you are duplicating the meaning (line 45 and line 46)

Author: @rikatz, agreed. I was just too exhausted today to properly parallelize it here. I'll have to find some way to apply consistency.
